Our Guarantee
Out of the Thea Sweet Creation will provide a professionally decorated dessert in a timely manner as specified in the invoice or contract.  We appreciate your business and we are honored that you have chosen us for your special celebration. We guarantee that the flavors, size, and general design elements will be met as outlined. If you are not satisfied with our product(s) please let us know at the time you receive your order. Once your order is accepted, refunds will not be considered. 

Refund Policy
Out of the Thea Sweet Creation will not offer refunds or exchanges for custom products that meet our quality standards once a cake has been picked up/delivered and “Accepted” by you or another designated party. Additionally, under no circumstances will Out of the Thea Sweet Creation provide a refund in excess of the cost of the order. All products are the responsibility of the customer once it leaves our possession. Refund requests due to decorating style,  or general decoration design will not be honored or considered. We only give refunds if the product does not meet the flavor, size, and general description detailed above.

Delivery Terms
The delivery time will be confirmed two (2) business days before your event date. Cakes maybe setup 1-3 hours before your event. For outdoor events, we try to setup as close to the reception time as possible, which may limit design options. 

The Client must disclose any adverse road hazards and/or obstacles that may hamper the delivery and quality of finished products.  In the case of an unavoidable occurrence, such as an act of god, a car accident, poor road conditions, or dropping of cake during delivery — Out of the Thea Sweet Creation cannot be held liable for more than the price of the cake described in this order.

If the client or client representative is not available to receive the delivery. A re-delivery fee will be required at the time of receipt of goods and services. 

Care and Handling
We are not responsible for any damage to the cake after pick-up or after setup is complete.  The client is responsible for providing an appropriate and secure table and environment for the cake(s).  Cakes are heavy and require a sturdy table, and optimal room temperature of 75 degrees or below.                             

If you or your representative elects to pick up and set up the cake, you assume all liability and responsibility for the condition of the cake once it leaves the possession of Out of the Thea Sweet Creation.  

In the case of fresh flower usage on the cake, the responsibility of the flower safety and safe food practices will rest with the florist and not with Out of the Thea Sweet Creation. The person placing this order should obtain a notice of plant safety, in question, from the florist.
Out of the Thea Sweet Creation is not responsible for any damage to the cake caused by the placement of flowers by another party or other items on the cake.

Deposits, Payments, Cancellations
A deposit of 50% and a signed contract is required to consider this an order and contract for services to be rendered.  The remaining balance is due ten (10) business days prior to the delivery date. Any changes to this order must be made no later than ten (10) business days prior to delivery. Any changes requested after the signing of this contract cannot be guaranteed and may be subject to additional charges.

All deposits are non-refundable. There will be no credit given for orders cancelled inside of ten (10) business days. For cancellations with more than ten (10) business days’ notice, credit may be given for a future order, less the fair market value of items that cannot be re-used.  This offer is subject to the date being available.

If full payment is not received the due date, the order may be cancelled.



